---
layout: news-post
author: Dr Shuqiao Xie
slug: hiring
tags: Hiring
---
<h1>We're hiring!!!</h1>

we are a MedTech spinout company from Imperial College London and they are developing the next generation of surgical 
navigation tools. S3’s revolutionary surgical navigation system has a unique approach by using a smartphone to position an implant intra-operatively for total knee replacement. It is designed to help a surgeon to position an implant precisely, to save the time needed and reduce the overall cost of the surgery, an option currently unavailable on the market, hence fulfilling a gap of high unmet clinical needs. We are a small, ambitious team based in the City of London, White City, and backed by Innovate UK grants and private investments. 

We have exciting opportunities for a highly motivated and experienced Biomedical Engineer and a web developer to 
support 
the product 
development and pre-clinical work. Specifically, the candidate will be responsible for gathering feedback from NHS staff, including surgeons and surgical nursing teams etc, to understand the client’s requirements and liaising with our development team to ensure that the development is fulfilling the client’s requirements. You will be reporting to the CTO and working closely with a wider team of engineers, researchers, and clinicians. 
Also, you will be working closely with a team at the partner organisation Imperial College. 

Sounds interesting, please drop you CV 
**[here](mailto:info@smartsurgicalsolutions.co.uk?subject=S3 Jobs Enquiry)**